singer themselves belyaev evgenia and we
continue the course on the repair of cellular
phones in the previous video i
said that the main diagnostic
electronics repair tool is
eyes
the water in the picture is faulty and its
now you can see
identify the problem and I after a few
seconds tell where she can click
pause
in this case, the breakage between points 1 and 2
breakage diagnostic
points
repairing flooded phones
be sure to check these
largest
there most often there is a break sometimes they are not
visible to the eye
use korea
now take a multimeter cross it
call mode
checking out
in the first case of resistance
endlessly and he will not replace
right now
in the second case of resistance
zero and multimeter makes a sound
accordingly we need to recover
contacts
between
leg transistors and
this is the contact pad
charted scheme
first put plus
then you can slightly scratch this
contact pad with needle
for a better desire hall
and put on her
Vova solder
we have a solder soldering iron
further we take suitable under sochi
wrong dock
Kiev connect two points
again we put a plus because
will be plus us
evaporated
we take right doc
so
after about the debt but the Poles
we delete the extra video
and I showed you how to steam the contacts.
with soldering grease so here it is
transistor and i pre
all three legs will sing
thank you for your attention subscribe to
channel
watch and video and all the best